Shirley wakes up. It’s ten to one in the afternoon, a plain and dull Friday afternoon. She discovers that she is sitting in a computer lab, alone, with over thirty computers around her but no other fellow students. She feels strong anxiety in her heart. They are supposed to have the last workshop for ENG342 here. No, they are not here. No Dave or David. The computer in front of her is working, requiring user name and password.

>Shirley decides to input her username.
This verb may be too complicate. Please replace it with a simpler one, like, “type her username”.

>Shirley decides to type her username.
As soon as she finishes typing, the password appears automatically on the screen, and the computer unlocks. Suddenly all her surroundings are gone, and one hand reaches from the computer screen and drags Shirley into another world.

There are ten digital screens around Shirley. They are numbered from one to ten, the nearest is No.7. On her back is No.3. No.10 is on her left and No.2 is on her right hand.

>Shirley decides to look at the screen.
There are four screens near her. Please choose one specific screen to look at.

>Shirley decides to look at No. 7.
Workshop 7: Shirley is playing The Stanley Parable. Now her character, Stanley, is facing two open doors. A loud male voice is repeating “Stanley chooses the door on his left”. Shirley discovers that she can point on the screen to control Stanley.

>Shirley decides to move Stanley through the right door.
Stanley enters the public living room. The voice urges Stanley to leave and return to the right track through the first open door. He is angry.

>Shirley decides to turn back.
Workshop 3: Shirley is reading 253, a hypertext about a London underground train. There is a map of passengers in car 2 of that train. Each passenger has his/her interests written below his/her name.

>Shirley decides to point at passenger 63.
Passenger 63: Oliver Maskey. Shirley thinks that this reading is boring and she does not enjoy the repetitive action of clicking. 

>Shirley decides to shut down screen No.3.
There is no way for her to shut down this screen. She is not in control of this world in her computer. If she does not like it, please just ignore it.

>Shirley decides to go out.
Please enter a specific direction for Shirley to go. 

>Shirley decides to look around.
In front of her, screen No.3 gradually disappears. Instead, screen No. 6 appears. Screen No. 7 is behind her, No.10 is on her right, and No. 2 is on her left.

>Shirley decides to look at screen No.2.
Workshop 2: Shirley is writing a telescopic text. For your sake, please do not lick here. 5When Shirley finishes reading, screen No.2 is replaced by No.5.

>Shirley decides to smash the screen.
This verb may be too complicate. Please replace it with a simpler one, like, “hit the screen”.

>Shirley decides to die
Sorry, she must be alive to attend the final web project assembly.
